#summary car2go API Documentation - OAuth
#sidebar menu
= Access protected functions via OAuth =
Some API functions are marked as protected. You need to authenticate via OAuth to access these functions.


See [http://www.oauth.net oauth.net] for more details on OAuth.


As a developer you must register as a so called "consumer" at car2go. See [oauth#Registration_as_consumer registration] for more details.

== Restrictions ==
  * Use HMAC-SHA1 for signing requests.
  * We ignore callback URLs passed to request token endpoint. You may provide a callback URL during registration as a consumer.
  * Access to car2go API is limited to a few calls per second (see [oauth#Error_codes Error Codes]). Keep this in mind during development of your application.


== OAuth Endpoints ==
|| *Name* || *Url* || *Note* ||
|| Get request token || https://www.car2go.com/api/reqtoken || Token is valid for some hours. ||
|| Authorize token || https://www.car2go.com/api/authorize || Pass request token as parameter, e.g. "?oauth_token={{{[token]}}}" ||
|| Get access token || https://www.car2go.com/api/accesstoken || Token is valid for about one month. User can revoke token via car2go portal. ||

== Error codes ==
Error codes are based on [http://wiki.oauth.net/ProblemReporting Problem Reporting (oauth.net)].


|| *HTTP Code* || *OAuth problem* || *Notes* ||
|| 400 || version_rejected || ||
|| 400 || parameter_absent || ||
|| 400 || parameter_rejected || ||
|| 400 || timestamp_refused || ||
|| 400 || signature_method_rejected || ||
|| 401 || nonce_used || ||
|| 401 || signature_invalid || ||
|| 401 || consumer_key_unknown || ||
|| 503 || consumer_key_refused || ||
|| 401 || token_expired || ||
|| 401 || token_rejected || ||
|| 401 || permission_unknown || ||
|| 503 || user_refused || ||
|| 401 || verifier_invalid || ||


== Registration as consumer ==
To register as consumer at car2go send an email to [mailto:openapi@car2go.com openapi@car2go.com].  We ask you to provide some background information on you and the cool app you are about to create.


=== Mandatory Information ===

  * Full name
  * Email
  * Country you reside in
  * Type of project: Do you develop in private/for education or studies/for a company/...
  * Project or product name (*Note:* This information is required!)
  * Project description (what's the intend and goal, which functionality is focussed)
  * Target Platform/Technology (Web Application/Mobile App/iOS/Android/Nokia Sxyz/Blackberry/Palm/RichClient/...)


=== Optional Information ===

  * Envisioned development timeline (when do you want to release the app?)
  * CallbackURL for Applicationredirect (optional)
  * For potential future linkin in car2go portal: URL, Email, Icon
  * Address
  
As soon as we receive the details, we will complete the registration process and you're ready to go!




(c) 2010 car2go GmbH. All rights reserved. Generated 17.08.11 16:28