#summary Access protected functions via OAuth (rev1.0)

<h1>Access protected functions via OAuth (rev1.0)</h1>
<p>Some API functions are marked as protected. You need to
authenticate via OAuth to access these functions.<br />
See <a target="_blank" href="http://www.oauth.net">oauth.net</a> for
more details on OAuth.</p>
<p>As a developer you must register as a so called "consumer" at
car2go. Send us a E-Mail: <a href="mailto:openapi@car2go.com">openapi@car2go.com</a></p>

<a name="restrictions" ><h2>Restrictions</h2></a>
<ul>
	<li>Use HMAC-SHA1 for signing requests.</li>
	<li>We ignore callback URLs passed to request token endpoint. You
	may provide a callback URL during registration as a consumer.</li>
	<li>Access to car2go API is limited to a few calls per second (see
	<a href="#errorcodes">Error Codes</a>). Keep this in mind during
	development of your application.</li>
</ul>


<a name="endpoints" ><h2>OAuth Endpoints</h2></a>
<table>
	<thead>
		<tr>
			<th>Name</th>
			<th>Url</th>
			<th>Note</th>
		</tr>
	</thead>

	<tr>
		<td>Get request token</td>
		<td>[https://www.car2go.com/api/reqtoken]</td>
		<td>Token is valid for some hours.</td>
	</tr>

	<tr>
		<td>Authorize token</td>
		<td>[https://www.car2go.com/api/authorize]</td>
		<td>Pass request token as parameter, e.g. "?oauth_token=[token]"</td>
	</tr>

	<tr>
		<td>Get access token</td>
		<td>[https://www.car2go.com/api/accesstoken]</td>
		<td>Token is valid for about one month. User can revoke token via
		car2go portal.</td>
	</tr>

</table>

<a name="errorcodes" ><h2>Error codes</h2></a>
<p>Error codes are based on <a target="_blank" href="http://wiki.oauth.net/ProblemReporting">Problem Reporting
(oauth.net)</a>.</p>
<table>
	<thead>
		<tr>
			<th>HTTP Code</th>
			<th>OAuth problem</th>
			<th>Notes</th>
		</tr>
	</thead>

	<tr>
		<td>400</td>
		<td>version_rejected</td>
		<td></td>
	</tr>

	<tr>
		<td>400</td>
		<td>parameter_absent</td>
		<td></td>
	</tr>

	<tr>
		<td>400</td>
		<td>parameter_rejected</td>
		<td></td>
	</tr>

	<tr>
		<td>400</td>
		<td>timestamp_refused</td>
		<td></td>
	</tr>

	<tr>
		<td>400</td>
		<td>signature_method_rejected</td>
		<td></td>
	</tr>

	<tr>
		<td>401</td>
		<td>nonce_used</td>
		<td></td>
	</tr>

	<tr>
		<td>401</td>
		<td>signature_invalid</td>
		<td></td>
	</tr>

	<tr>
		<td>401</td>
		<td>consumer_key_unknown</td>
		<td></td>
	</tr>

	<tr>
		<td>503</td>
		<td>consumer_key_refused</td>
		<td></td>
	</tr>

	<tr>
		<td>401</td>
		<td>token_expired</td>
		<td></td>
	</tr>

	<tr>
		<td>401</td>
		<td>token_rejected</td>
		<td></td>
	</tr>

	<tr>
		<td>401</td>
		<td>permission_unknown</td>
		<td></td>
	</tr>

	<tr>
		<td>503</td>
		<td>user_refused</td>
		<td></td>
	</tr>

	<tr>
		<td>401</td>
		<td>verifier_invalid</td>
		<td></td>
	</tr>

</table>
<div class="footer">© 2010 car2go GmbH. All rights reserved. Generated 18.05.10 02:04</div>