#summary CreateBooking (v2.0 rev1.0)

[OpenAPIv20r10FunctionIndex Function Index]

<h1>Create booking (v2.0 rev1.0)</h1><p>Create a new short-term booking for a user. Access to this function is restricted. See [OpenAPIOAuthr10 OAuth  documentation] for more details.</p><table class="funcdetail"><tr><td class="funcdetailheader">Access:</td><td>protected</td></tr><tr><td class="funcdetailheader">URL:</td><td>https://www.car2go.com/api/v2.0/bookings</td></tr><tr><td class="funcdetailheader">Method:</td><td>POST</td></tr></table>
<h3>Parameters</h3><table class="parameters"><thead><tr><th>Name</th><th>Mandatory</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>loc</td><td>true</td><td> location identifier string of the user's home location, e.g. "ulm", "austin".</td></tr><tr><td>format</td><td>false</td><td> defines response format. Value "json" => JSON format, otherwise xml format is used</td></tr><tr><td>callback</td><td>false</td><td> defines JSONP (JSON with Padding) callback function used as wrapper</td></tr><tr><td>vin</td><td>true</td><td> VIN of the vehicle to be booked</td></tr><tr><td>account</td><td>true</td><td> id of the user account which will be charged</td></tr></tbody></table>
<h3>Request Examples</h3><div class="sample"><pre>
 POST https://www.car2go.com/api/v2.0/bookings?loc=ulm&amp;vin=WME4513001K153738&amp;account=1001
 </pre></div>
<h3>Response</h3>Similar to response provided by <a href="getbookings.html">Get Bookings</a> though content is limited to booking created
<h3>Response Examples</h3>
<h3>Return Codes</h3>The following return codes may occur:<table><thead><tr><th>Code</th><th>Description</th><th>Note</th></tr></thead><tr><td>0</td><td>Operation successful.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>2</td><td>UserId invalid.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>3</td><td>No valid accounts found.</td><td> The user has no valid accounts. This occurs when the user has no account and is not invited to any accounts.</td></tr><tr><td>4</td><td>Not all necessary url parameters provided.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>5</td><td>A technical error occured.</td><td> This error can occur in case of application problems. If this error persist, please report the bug.</td></tr><tr><td>6</td><td>Invalid url parameter provided.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>7</td><td>No valid driver license information could be found.</td><td> This error occurs under the following circumstances: <ul> <li>the user is locked</li> <li>the user has no license data</li> <li>driver license is locked</li> <li>the user pin is locked</li> <li>the user password is locked</li> </ul></td></tr><tr><td>8</td><td>The account is locked.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>9</td><td>The vehicle can not be booked.</td><td> This error occurs under the following circumstances: <ul> <li>the vehicle is not available (e.g. in use or already booked).</li> <li>the user has a concurrent booking.</li> <li>the maximum allowed active bookings per user have been reached.</li> </ul></td></tr><tr><td>10</td><td>Vehicle invalid.</td><td></td></tr></table><div class="footer">&copy; 2010 car2go GmbH. All rights reserved. Generated 18.05.10 02:04</div>