#summary Function Index (v2.0 r1.0)

[]
<h1>car2go API v2.0</h1><a name="endpoints"><h2>Endpoints</h2></a>
<table><thead><tr><th>Name</th><th>Method</th><th>Url</th><th>Access</th></tr></thead>
<tr><td>[OpenAPIv20r10ParkingSpots Get all parking Spots]</td>
<td>GET</td><td>http://www.car2go.com/api/v2.0/parkingspots</td><td>public</td></tr>

<tr><td>[OpenAPIv20r10Locations Get all locations]</td><td>GET</td><td>http://www.car2go.com/api/v2.0/locations</td><td>public</td></tr>

<tr><td>[OpenAPIv20r10Gasstations Get all gas stations]</td><td>GET</td><td>http://www.car2go.com/api/v2.0/gasstations</td><td>public</td></tr>

<tr><td>[OpenAPIv20r10Vehicles Get all free vehicles]</td><td>GET</td><td>http://www.car2go.com/api/v2.0/vehicles</td><td>public</td></tr>

<tr><td>[OpenAPIv20r10Accounts Get all accounts]</td><td>GET</td><td>https://www.car2go.com/api/v2.0/accounts</td><td>protected</td></tr>

<tr><td>[OpenAPIv20r10GetBookings Get bookings]</td><td>GET</td><td>https://www.car2go.com/api/v2.0/bookings</td><td>protected</td></tr>

<tr><td>[OpenAPIv20r10CreateBooking Create booking]</td><td>POST</td><td>https://www.car2go.com/api/v2.0/bookings</td><td>protected</td></tr>

<tr><td>[OpenAPIv20r10GetBooking Get booking]</td><td>GET</td><td>https://www.car2go.com/api/v2.0/booking</td><td>protected</td></tr>

<tr><td>[OpenAPIv20r10DelBooking Cancel booking]</td><td>DELETE</td><td>https://www.car2go.com/api/v2.0/booking/&lt;bookingId&gt;</td><td>protected</td></tr></table>

<br/>See [OpenAPIOAuthr10 OAuth Documentation] if you want to learn how to access protected API functions.<a name="returnvalues"><h2>Return values</h2></a>Response format is defined in <a href="http://www.car2go.com/api/v2.0/openapi.xsd">openapi.xsd</a><br/><br/>The following return codes may occur:<table><thead><tr><th>Code</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tr><td>0</td><td>Operation successful.</td></tr><tr><td>1</td><td>Location invalid.</td></tr><tr><td>2</td><td>UserId invalid.</td></tr><tr><td>3</td><td>No valid accounts found.</td></tr><tr><td>4</td><td>Not all necessary url parameters provided.</td></tr><tr><td>5</td><td>A technical error occured.</td></tr><tr><td>6</td><td>Invalid url parameter provided.</td></tr><tr><td>7</td><td>No valid driver license information could be found.</td></tr><tr><td>8</td><td>The account is locked.</td></tr><tr><td>9</td><td>The vehicle can not be booked.</td></tr><tr><td>10</td><td>Vehicle invalid.</td></tr><tr><td>11</td><td>Booking id invalid.</td></tr><tr><td>12</td><td>No reserved vehicle found.</td></tr></table>Some API functions result in KML response. More information can be found here: <a  target="_blank" href="http://code.google.com/intl/de/apis/kml/documentation/kmlreference.html">KML Reference at code.google.com</a><br/>

<div class="footer">&copy; 2010 car2go GmbH. All rights reserved. Generated 18.05.10 02:04</div>